here
Hello, what are we going to do today?
They are some Christmas ornaments
to make a santa claus a reindeer and a tree
of Christmas
I'm going to catch
for they thought
of the two- sided thing we are the turn and what
we put what is the basis
we want in this
is going to be some peaks that will teach us the
bottom part of what is the fir
we can do it by show of hands what
we can do
previously with
with a pencil
and we started dinner
we went up a little bit more than
then we're over
we can cut it
and
so that we do not move the paper you
we will put in the heat points
and it will not be easier when lining
the
and I think we're going easy
I entered quoted that left over
we doubled the opposite
and the
to be able to cut it and now
we will continue
doing what is the tree
we can cut out pieces of paper
harold colors
or even I have thought of making little balls
These are felt
but we crave
with different points of the tree
back I glued some balls of felt
but you can get latina
you can put felt clippings and
You can even put the glitter of
this formica is that there
or smooth glitter is simply embellish
a little bit what is the tree
and nothing what we are going to do is make
for the kingdom the little eyes
and we are going to put
we will take what is the center more or
less
let's do the nose now
or the truffle
without cuts
red
we will give it an oval shape
we will place it just below the eyes
and this we can use for example
with the lid of what the pot is
we can make a cut
we made a cut here in the center
of the cover can be an 8
and now in this we are going to do what
It's the Santa Claus costume
so that the heat of black color
like the boat
and in the center where we had tried
before let's say this so they do not square
One with another
two
we know what we're going to be left over and what
we cut
we
what we go in the base we go all the
return to the boat
and what we are going to do is put the
Bible
we do not want a yellow color
we will do we have more or less that it will be a
little bigger than what is the
belt
and now we fold it a little
in half
we give you a little cut here
now once finished putting the zeal
what I have
we pick up the boat
let's put the villa by the conacyt
as you will see we are going to put a little
it is comfortable
this for example can serve us for
put any thing this as many
of the visitors
they are our